# Combined Question Files

## combined_qa_pairs

This is an aggregation of all the original question files.
They are then broken into questions.txt, reference_answers.txt, and further split into a train/test folder. The train/test split is 80/20.

# Original Question Files

## cmu_questions.csv

cmu_questions.csv are generated by hand and with perplexity's pro search, then results are curated.
They are designed for the answer to be a year, person, place, or thing.
There are 31 questions

## pgh_questions.csv

pgh_questions.csv are generated by hand and with perplexity's pro search, then results are curated
They are designed for the answer to be a year, person, place, or thing.
There are 25 questions

## knowledge_base_questions.csv

These are generated by attempting to directly sample the knowledge base. This way we know the answer exists and we just need to see if the system can find it.
To start, I prompted GPT 4o the following:
"""
The attached txt has tens of 22303 thousands of lines of data. You will generate a list of 100 question/answer pairs from the data available. Here are some examples:
What was the original name of Pittsburgh before it was renamed?,Fort Duquesne
When was Pittsburgh officially founded?,1758
Who was responsible for naming Pittsburgh?,General John Forbes
When did CMU begin offering graduate degrees?,1919
What is the name of CMU's college for fine arts?,College of Fine Arts
Who was the first PhD graduate from Carnegie Tech?,Mao Yisheng
Notice the questions all have answers of a person, place, year, or thing. Output the 100 best questions and format their output as a .csv where there is a column for question and a column for answers.
"""
I then proceeded to manually check each question, replace ambigous questions, and ensure the answers seemed reasonable.
After cleaning, there are 78 questions.
